what is off-page SEO
[Music]
hey I'm Sam Dunning co-owner over at
webchoiceuk.com and host the top 100
marketing podcast business growth show
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly email where I'm sharing actual
marketing and website tips useful
podcasts free guides goodies resources
and much more each and every Monday to
kick off your week with a bang why not
give it a shot over at business growth
dot email the off-site SEO so we've
discussed building a solid foundation
through your keywords through your
Technical and your content side of
things on your website now comes the
off-site part to doing things off the
site to
rise those rankings up on Google and get
your main Search terms up towards page
one to increase your all-important web
traffic increase your brand visibility
and increase your sales revenue or your
inbound sales leads so it doesn't mean
the on-site's over because you always
want to be thinking about adding fresh
content whether that's articles whether
it's videos infographics new pages and
just making a website a useful resource
no matter what part of the sales funnel
or process people are at whether they're
ready to buy or still considering
options so in terms of offset SEO as an
example we're web Choice with our 10
search term plan we might do things like
create five unique articles each month
perhaps one of those goes on the website
as a blog post perhaps the others get
distributed onto
article submission sites where that is
things like a WordPress blog whether
that's a guest post that's relevant that
we found in the industry that's talking
about the topics we talk about and
whether that is on
sites that allow article submissions
um and then each article that we put
together will have a backlink link to
one of our relevant keywords back to our
website on the relevant page these
articles will be as detailed as
informative and as useful on the chosen
topic relevant to a search term as
possible other things that we do
are as well as creating articles
Distributing them on relevant sites in
the industry and building links we'll be
looking at things like creating
infographics so detailed images that
break down certain processes in the
relevant business and again distribute
those onto sites that accept them and
we'll be doing article submissions we'll
be doing classified listings so we'll be
finding directory sites and there's a
bunch of these I'm sure you know a few
in your industry that allow you to
create a directory listing and put a bit
of information about your site put your
website link in your contact details
we'll be looking at relevant directory
listings post listings classified
listings that again relevant to your
industry you're in and that allow you to
put the details in about your company
and a link back to your site
um and all this good stuff we do each
and every month why do we do it what
allows us to distribute content it
allows us to build quality backlinks on
industry relevant sites which send
signals to Google build up your link
juice and ultimately over time build up
your organic rankings for your website
and there you have it I hope this guide
has been of use as always if you enjoyed
the episode a quick subscribe if you're
on YouTube or rating if you're on the
audio podcast goes a really long way and
is very much appreciated and with that I
should catch you on the next episode
cheers